You didn't think I'd recognize you,
did you? But I do!
You're doctor Lloyd Wexler,
my greatest hero in all of evil science!
I can't believe I'm actually talking to you!
You know, I wrote my thesis
on one of your early ransom notes.
Gee, you wouldn't mind if
I just hung around with you today, would you?
It makes me so happy
to be surrounded by so much evil!
Ooh, look! It's your autobiography.
It's always been a dream of mine
to have you read it to me...
Oh, wait! Wait, wait, wait!
Okay, now I'm ready.
*giggles* Come on, don't be shy, paragraph four,
"Upon an evil winter's heart", go ahead.
- Upon an evil winter's heart, the heavy hand of regret
infrequently alights the malevolent part.
Is one drawn without the cumbersome shackles
of sentimental introspec...
...spec spec spec spec spec spec spec
spec spec spec spec spec spec spec...
- Mmh... That's funny, I don't remember you
saying "spec" so many times...
Dr. Wexler, you're a platypus!
Perry the platypus!!
I want to say that I knew it was you all along,
but I can't, because I didn't.
So now, I guess I'm supposed to surrender,
which I might do if we weren't standing
in the middle of an
evil weapons expo. *laughs*
Ahá, Perry the platypus! Your giant dragon robot
is no much for my giant robot...!
...Queen Elizabeth I...
Mmh... Would...? Would you mind
switching robots with me?
Would you mind too terribly?
Pleeeaseee...
Thanks! Thank you very much.
I just prefer this one, thanks.
Now, Perry the platypus, your silly,
girly queen Elizabeth I robot
is no match for my giant,
fire-breathing...!
Ouch! Ow! Oh, my face! I didn't know
she had laser eyes. I-I want to trade back.
Well, yours may have laser eyes,
but mine...!
...breaths...!
...fi-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!
That was a stupid design.
This just in, a giant mechanical
queen Elizabeth I and a dragon
are rampaging through the country
engaged in an apparent duel to the death.
And in other news, a new version
of Jane Eyre is in the offing.
Good heavens, look at that!
They're making
a new version of Jane Eyre!
*laughs* Obviously, your queen Elizabeth I
is no match for my dragon!
That queen Elizabeth is a tough old bird.
- Thank you for pressing the self-destruct button.
- Oh, that's just great!
- Thank you for pressing the ejection button.
Remember to take a parachute with you.
- Now, you tell me!